Instant Personal & Business Loans for Salaried, Self-Employed & Professionals | Chola Finance

* About Us

  Vision & Mission
  Heritage
  Board of Directors
  Our Subsidiaries
  Our Presence
* Customer Service

  Contact Us
  Download Forms
  Partner With Us
  Grievance Redressal
  Branch Locator
  Release of Property Document
  Chola Charter
* News
  News & Events
  Press Releases
  Media Kit
  Auction Notice
* CSR
* ESG
* Investors
* People
  Our Beliefs
  Why Chola
  Life at Chola
  Careers
* Customer Login
  Gaadibazaar
  Chola One
* Blogs
* Pay Vehicle EMI

# Personal & Business Loans

If you are looking for an unsecured business or personal loan, you have come to the right place. Chola Consumer and Small Enterprise Loans (CSEL) presents you a wide range of loan products without asking for a collateral security for your loan.

Chola's business and personal loans support budding entrepreneurs and aspiring professionals to achieve their goals

#### Our Loan Offerings

**Personal Loans**

Salaried Employees

**Professional Loans**

Self-Employed Professionals

**Business Loans**

Proprietorship, Partnership & Private Limited Companies.

  

## Features & Benefits

Collateral-free personal, business & professional loans
Instant loan processing
Convenient loan repayment options
Presence in 800+ locations across the country
Paperless digital process
Attractive interest rates

### Quick Financial Support

Personal & Business Loans

EMI Calculator

Apply for
Personal & Business Loans

### Frequently Asked Questions

* What is CSEL Loan?

  Consumer & Small Enterprise Loans (CSEL) is a division of Chola that offers collateral-free Personal, Professional and Business loans.
* Who can benefit from CSEL?

  Salaried Individuals, Self-employed Professionals and Business Owners.
* What is the interest rate?

  Our interest rates are competitive as per market standards.
* What is the maximum loan amount for CSEL?

  We offer unsecured loans up to Rs. 35 Lakh.
* What is the maximum tenure?

  The maximum tenure is 60 months.
* Is external guarantor needed to get a loan?

  No external guarantor is required.
* What is the expected time frame for loan disbursal?

  Our quick and easy process guarantees loan disbursal within 24 to 48 hours of approval.
* Which professionals can avail CSEL loan?

  + Doctors (MBBS, BMS and above)
  + Chartered Accountants
* Is collateral required to avail a loan?

  No collateral is required to avail Consumer and Small Enterprise Loans.
* What are the documents required to avail a loan?

  • Proof of identity
  • Address proof
  • Proof of income
  • Proof of business (applicable only for self-employed)
* Why should I choose Chola CSEL Loans?

  • Hassle-free unsecured loans
  • Guarantee of a trusted lender
  • Attractive interest rates
  • Excellent customer service
* How to apply for a loan?

  - Apply online through our website www.cholamandalam.com (or)
  - Visit your nearest Cholamandalam Finance branch to apply offline.
* How do I get my loan-related queries resolved?

  Call our customer grievance redressal toll-free number 1800-102-4565.
* What are the penal charges for my Chola/Samsung Consumer Durable Loan?

  | Fee Type | Till 7th Feb, 2024\* | Till 5th Aug, 2024\* | W.e.f 6th Aug, 2024\* |
  | --- | --- | --- | --- |
  | Penalty Charges (EMI Late Payment Charges) | Rs. 450/- | Rs. 590/- | Rs. 649/- |

    

  \*Effective date of bounce/ delayed payments

  Only penalty charges will be levied once a month for all defaulted customers

    

  Customers can contact the Chola Finance Helpline 1800 102 4565 or samsungcare@chola.murugappa.com for any queries.

## Our Products

Gold Loan

Car Loans

Two Wheeler Loans

Consumer & Small Enterprise Loans

Commercial Vehicle Loans

Loan Against Property

Construction Equipment Loans

Tractor & Farm Equipment Loans

Three Wheeler Loans

SME Loans

Secured Business Loan

Loan Against Securities

### Thanks for sharing your details.

A Chola executive will get in touch with you shortly.