Chola Gold Loan - Maximum Rate Per Gram | Chola Finance

* About Us

  Vision & Mission
  Heritage
  Board of Directors
  Our Subsidiaries
  Our Presence
* Customer Service

  Contact Us
  Download Forms
  Partner With Us
  Grievance Redressal
  Branch Locator
  Release of Property Document
  Chola Charter
* News
  News & Events
  Press Releases
  Media Kit
  Auction Notice
* CSR
* ESG
* Investors
* People
  Our Beliefs
  Why Chola
  Life at Chola
  Careers
* Customer Login
  Gaadibazaar
  Chola One
* Blogs
* Pay Vehicle EMI

# Chola Gold Loan

### **Where Gold Empowers New Beginnings.**

*An Auspicious Start, Backed by Legacy and Care*

At Chola, we understand that gold is more than a valuable possession; it carries traditions, memories, security, and holds the potential to unlock new possibilities. That’s why our Chola Gold Loan services are built on trust, speed, and enduring reliability.

With over 47 years of financial expertise, Cholamandalam has been a dependable partner for millions across India. And now, with our growing network of Chola Gold Loan branches, we’re bringing that legacy of trust even closer to you.

Whether you’re planning to start a new business, managing unexpected expenses, or fulfilling personal dreams, Chola Gold Loan is here to support you.

Our Gold loan starts from as low as ₹5,000, making it accessible to everyone. The maximum loan amount is based on the value of up to 1 kg of gold (subject to valuation and scheme eligibility), with quick disbursement, attractive interest rates, minimal documentation, and flexible repayment options.

If you’re searching for the best gold loan near you, visit your nearest Chola Gold Loan branch and experience the assurance of a brand that puts people first.

At Chola, we offer more than just the best gold loans - we provide reassurance when you need it most, a connection that feels like family, and support to help you rise, rebuild, and move forward with dignity.

Because when you place your trust in us, we make it our responsibility to help you move forward with commitment, care, and confidence.

#### Key Highlights

* Advanced vault systems
* RFID-enabled tracking
* Centralized OTP-based access control
* 24x7 CCTV surveillance
* 10-layer security system at all Chola Gold Loan branches

  

## Features & Benefits

Wide Loan Range
Balance Transfer
Easy Renewal & Part Release
Quick Processing
Convenient Tenure
Gold Safety Assurance

### Quick Financial Support

Chola Gold Loan

Calculator

Apply for
Chola Gold Loan

## Methodology of Determining the LTV Ratio

The ornaments are collected in a designated tray provided for the purpose. A visual inspection is conducted for damage, hallmarks, or special markings. The type of ornament is recorded and the gross weight is checked.

The net weight is determined after proportionate deductions for thread work, enamel work, wax filling, soldering, dirt, etc. Items where the stone weight is less than 50% of total weight and broken items are not accepted.

Further, the purity of the ornament is checked through a variety of testing methods. Post the determination of the net weight of gold and its purity, the loan amount is calculated based on these two values.

Predominantly, the **LTV ratio** on the loan is **75%**. This means that the loan amount will be equivalent to 75% of the gold value of the ornament.

  

## Eligibility Criteria for Chola Gold Loan

**Age:** 21 to 75 years  
**Gold Ownership:**Applicant must own the gold being deposited and mention whether it was acquired by inheritance, market purchase or as a gift.

### Who Can Apply?

Chola Gold Loans are intended for individual personal consumption and can be availed by:

* Salaried Employees
* Self-Employed Professionals
* Business Owners
* Farmers
* Pensioners

  

## Documents Required for Chola Gold Loan

**Pan Card (Mandatory)**

**Identity Proof (Any one):**

* Aadhaar Card
* Passport
* Driving License
* Voter ID

**Address Proof (Any one):**

* Passport
* Driving License
* Proof of possession of the Aadhaar number
* Voter’s identity card issued by the Election Commission of India
* Job card issued by NREGA duly signed by an officer of the State Government
* Letter issued by the National Population Register containing details of name and address

### Frequently Asked Questions

* What is a gold loan?

  A gold loan is a secured loan where you pledge your gold ornaments as collateral to get funds for a specified period. The loan amount is based on the value and purity of the gold pledged.
* What are the benefits of a gold loan?

  Gold loans offer benefits like faster processing, higher loan-to-value ratio, lower interest rates, quick disbursal, and easy eligibility.
* Who can avail Gold Loan from us, and what documents are required?

  Indian citizens over 21 years can apply for a gold loan by submitting the necessary documents and gold ornaments. Required documents include ID proof (Aadhar, PAN or e-PAN (mandatory), voter ID, passport, or driver's license) and address proof (utility bill with lease agreement, post-paid broadband bill etc.)
* Is a CIBIL score needed for a gold loan?

  No, a CIBIL score is not required for a gold loan. Only KYC documents need to be submitted for eligibility.
* Is proof of income required for a gold loan?

  No, proof of income is not needed for a gold loan, as it is secured by collateral.
* Can I deposit something other than gold?

  We only accept gold ornaments of 22 carats, subject to valuation reports for any loan on gold. Items including gold coins, gold pieces, gold biscuits, gold bars (bullion), diamonds, white gold etc are not accepted for deposit of gold security.
* Does Chola offer different schemes for various income groups?

  Chola has varied Gold Loan Schemes for different loan amount requirements and value of the gold to be pledged. As long as the basic eligibility and age requirements are met, anyone with gold as their asset can avail a Chola Gold Loan.
* How long will it take to get my gold loan?

  Our gold loan process is quick and easy, with instant disbursal after KYC verification and signing the loan agreement. The entire process can be completed in up to 30 minutes.

### Why Chola?

There's more than one reason to be confident

Know More

### 48

Years of Excellence

### 32

States & Union Territories

### 71,260+

Strong Workforce

### 1761

Branches

### ₹2.27 lakh Cr

Assets Under Management

### 44.7 lakh+

Happy Customers

### Thanks for sharing your details.

A Chola executive will get in touch with you shortly.