Secured Business Loans & Collateral based Loans for Self-Employed | Chola Finance

* About Us

  Vision & Mission
  Heritage
  Board of Directors
  Our Subsidiaries
  Our Presence
* Customer Service

  Contact Us
  Download Forms
  Partner With Us
  Grievance Redressal
  Branch Locator
  Release of Property Document
  Chola Charter
* News
  News & Events
  Press Releases
  Media Kit
  Auction Notice
* CSR
* ESG
* Investors
* People
  Our Beliefs
  Why Chola
  Life at Chola
  Careers
* Customer Login
  Gaadibazaar
  Chola One
* Blogs
* Pay Vehicle EMI

# Collateral based loans for Small Business

India has a sizeable segment of micro-enterprises that lack access to formal sources of credit and are funded majorly by unorganized sources such as chit funds, local money lenders and even family and friends. Considering this opportunity, Chola has launched the Secured Business Loans vertical to better enable this segment of customers.
The offerings by Secured Business Loans are best suited for self-employed, non-professionals in the businesses of trading, manufacturing and services i.e. businesses with regular cash flows that need funds for day-to-day operations and business improvements.

#### Our Offerings

* Secured loans with self-occupied residential property or residential-cum-commercial property as collateral
* Loan offering of up to ₹ 15 lakh with maximum tenure of 10 years
* Range of product schemes that assess credit eligibility on the basis of cashflow, ITR, assets created or average bank balance

  

## Features & Benefits

Collateral based Business Loans
Personalised Doorstep Service
Transparent and Easy Process

### Quick Financial Support

Collateral based loans for Small Business

EMI Calculator

Apply for
Collateral based loans for Small Business

### Frequently Asked Questions

* What is Secured Business Loan?

  Secured Business Loans are exclusive loan products of Chola launched to fund micro-enterprises. Self-employed non-professionals and small business owners can avail secured business loan.
* How can I avail Secured Business Loan?

  Secured Business Loan can be availed against self-occupied property.
* What is the maximum loan amount and tenure for secured business loan?

  Maximum loan amount is 5 Lakh and maximum tenure is 7 years.
* Is collateral required to avail a loan?

  Yes, immovable property as a collateral is mandatory to avail secured business loan.
* Who can avail secured business loan?

  Secured Business Loan is offered to grocery shops, tea shops, hotels, vegetable shops, milk dairy, bakery, medical shops, tailor shops, two-wheeler workshops, electrical shops and handloom weavers, etc.
* What are the documents required to avail a loan?

  + Proof of identity
  + Address Proof
  + Proof of income
  + Proof of Business(applicable only for self-employed)
* Why should I choose Chola Secured Business Loans?

  **Key Benefits**

  + Quick & Easy loans to self-employed and non-professionals who lack access to formal sources of credit.
  + Competitive interest rates
  + Convenient repayment options
  + PAN India presence to provide better assistance to customers
* How to apply for a loan?

  **Online**

  + Apply online through our website www.cholamandalam.com**Offline**
  + Visit your nearest Cholamandalam Finance branch and apply through offline mode.
* How do I get my loan-related queries resolved?

  Call our customer grievance redressal toll-free number 1800-102-4565.

## Our Products

Gold Loan

Car Loans

Two Wheeler Loans

Consumer & Small Enterprise Loans

Commercial Vehicle Loans

Loan Against Property

Construction Equipment Loans

Tractor & Farm Equipment Loans

Three Wheeler Loans

SME Loans

Secured Business Loan

Loan Against Securities

### Thanks for sharing your details.

A Chola executive will get in touch with you shortly.