Why Chola-Cholamandalam Finance

* About Us

  Vision & Mission
  Heritage
  Board of Directors
  Our Subsidiaries
  Our Presence
* Customer Service

  Contact Us
  Download Forms
  Partner With Us
  Grievance Redressal
  Branch Locator
  Release of Property Document
  Chola Charter
* News
  News & Events
  Press Releases
  Media Kit
  Auction Notice
* CSR
* ESG
* Investors
* People
  Our Beliefs
  Why Chola
  Life at Chola
  Careers
* Customer Login
  Gaadibazaar
  Chola One
* Blogs
* Pay Vehicle EMI

# Why Chola is a great place to work?

We offer everything you need for a rewarding career. Our people are our greatest asset. It is only with dedication and commitment of our people that we can serve our clients, generate long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to the organisation’s vision of helping people enter a better life.

5 Reasons to Work with Us

**Assets**
Our people are our greatest asset. It is only with dedication and commitment of our people that we can serve our clients, generate long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to the organisation’s vision of helping people enter a better life.

**Investment**
At every step of our employees’ career we invest in them. Our goal is to unlock and maximize individual potential, increase their participation, provide training, expand their growth opportunities and help them contribute positively.

**Bonds**
We create an environment that promotes mutual respect and understanding among employees. Team building activities and employee engagement strengthens the bond, creating healthy relationships within the portals.

**Shares**
We have created a culture of innovation and Idea sharing. It’s always challenging working across teams and functions, where there is a large pool of ideas to draw inspiration from. Collective success is highly valued and collaborative effort is a key contributor.

**Equity**
We apply the Equity theory in our work place as well. Right from the selection of employees, evaluation of performance, distribution of rewards and compensation, we manage the process in a fair and equitable manner that encourages productivity.

Previous
Next

Overview

* Our Beliefs

+ Why Chola