Personal Loan App - Get Instant Loan Online | Chola One

# Welcome to Chola One Get a **Personal Loan** in **just 15 minutes**

* Download Chola One app & avail loan in just a few taps
* 100% digital process with Instant Approval
* Money in your account within minutes - what else are you waiting for?

## Download the Chola One app now!​​

OTP verified

Resend OTP in  0  seconds
Resend OTP

Don’t worry, your information is safe with usBy clicking “Get Started” you agree to Cholamandalam
Finance’s
Privacy Policy and
Terms & conditions and receive communication from Cholamandalam via SMS, E-mail and
WhatsApp.

### Happily delivering smiles and much more...

# 3.5 Lakhs +

Happy customers

# 4 Lakh +

Loans disbursed

# 5,000 + Crores

Worth of loan amount

#### Why Chola One ?

###### 100% Online Application

A completely online approval process

###### Instant Approval

We disburse upto 3L loan directly in your bank account, hassel free

###### Immediate Bank Transfer

Get instant loan disbursement to your selected bank account

## Simple Application Process

Get your loan hassle free in 4 step process

###### Eligibility

Check your loan eligibility

###### KYC

Complete your KYC process

###### Pre Sanction

Follow steps to complete the pre sanction process

###### Post Sanction

Get your loan credited in your bank account

## Documents and Eligibility

Indian Citizen

23 to 65 years of age

Monthly income above ₹10,000

|  | Salaried | Professionals | Self- Employed |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| PAN Card |  |  |  |
| Aadhaar Card |  |  |  |
| Bank Account Details |  |  |  |
| Registration Information/Proof of education |  |  |  |
| Proof of Business (GST / ITRs / IEC / FSSAI) |  |  |  |

Processing Fee
4 - 6 % + GST

GST
18%

Not sure yet?  
Check estimated EMI

Preferred Loan Amount

Your Loan Tenure (in months)

36912151821242730333612

Estimated Equated Monthly
Installments (EMI):

# ₹ 22,447

 *Interest Amount (2.25% p.m)* 
 *At Annualised Interest Rate (14% p.a)*

### From The Blog

View more
❯

Feb 15, 2023

##### Collateral-Free Loans, a boon to Consumers.

Collateral-free loans are becoming increasingly popular in the consumer lending industry. These loans offer consumers the opportunity to borrow money without having to put

Read more ❯

Feb 15, 2023

##### Credit Card Vs Personal Loan – What is Best for You?

Both credit card loans and personal loans are unsecured loans. When you require a small amount to make a purchase, you can use your credit card and repay the credit amount on a monthly basis.

Read more ❯

Feb 14, 2023

##### How to get a personal loan quickly?

Your credit score is one of the most important factors in determining whether you will qualify for a loan. Before you start applying, check your credit report and make sure all the information is correct

Read more ❯

# Frequently Asked Questions

## 

Chola One is a loan app developed and owned by Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited (Chola) where you can apply for instant personal loans ranging up to ₹ 5 Lakhs. The loan process is 100% online. Chola One processes your personal loan application with very minimal documentation, the entire process taking less than 15 minutes. Your loan eligibility is completely based on your CIBIL score.

## 

To begin with, install the Chola One App from the Play Store.

* Register with your mobile number.
* Set your Mobile Banking Personal Identification Number (MPIN).
* Click on apply now.
* Enter your basic details and submit.
* Click on avail personal loan.
* Upload your Aadhaar card, PAN card and photo. You can also use DigiLocker.
* Enter your address, email ID, employment details and click on proceed.
* Enter your loan amount and tenure.
* Provide a reference name and mobile number and submit your application.
* After your loan amount is approved, enter your bank details and accept & submit the loan terms.
* Within 24 hours, your loan amount will be disbursed to your bank account

## 

Chola One offers quick and easy personal loans online.

## 

Yes, Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited is a Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) registered with the RBI. We strictly adhere to the RBI guidelines throughout the loan process.

## 

To read our Terms & Conditions, please Click Here
To read our Privacy Policy, please Click Here

## 

Taking a personal loan offline is a time-consuming process and requires a lot of documentation. With Chola One, the personal loan process is completely online and will not take more than 15 minutes.

* Instant Loan Approval
* 100% Online Process
* No Physical Documents required
* Collateral-Free Loans
* Immediate Bank Transfer

## 

Yes, Chola One is a very safe app. Your data is safe and secure with Chola One. We ensure data privacy for all our customers as per our privacy policy.

## 

No, Chola One is not a credit card based app; it is an EMI-based loan app.

## 

Yes, Chola One serves customers across India. We feel privileged to serve every Indian citizen.

## 

Applying for a loan from Chola One is a completely online process. Install the app and get started.

## 

The mandatory documents are PAN card, Aadhaar card and 6 months bank statement. You can also use DigiLocker to upload the documents.

## 

No, Google account or email ID not mandatory to avail a loan through Chola One app.

## 

You can complete your loan application process and get your loan amount credited to your bank account within few hours.

## 

Self-employed, salaried professionals and sole proprietor business owners are eligible for a loan with Chola One.

## 

Select OTHERS option and move on.

## 

Please note that your minimum salary amount must be ₹15,000 to avail loan from Chola One.

## 

The approved loan amount will be disbursed to your bank account provided in the loan application.

## 

No, loan amount cannot be disbursed to joint bank accounts. Loan amount can be disbursed to either or survivor bank account if the customer is the primary account holder.

## 

Aadhaar-linked mobile number is mandatory for user verification.

## 

No, you cannot apply for a loan without an Aadhaar-linked mobile number. It helps us to verify the user’s identity easily.

## 

You can view the loans documents in Chola One app.

## 

If Chola One app shuts down or stops in the middle of your loan application, please resume your loan application after some time. Also check whether your phone has free space.

## 

No, only Indian citizens can avail loans from Chola One app.

## 

Yes, you can re-apply for loan after Three months.

## 

Loan disbursement can take more than 24 hours in some cases. Please contact our customer care through Chola One app.

## 

Your bank statements help us to verify your financials before approving your loan application and provides you with suitable offers.

## 

Any Indian citizen between 23-55 years of age can apply for a loan through Chola One app. The age limit extends to 65 years for our existing customers. Terms and conditions apply.

## 

No, you can apply for the second loan, only after your first loan tenure ends

## 

Click here to download Chola One app and check your loan offers.

## 

DigiLocker, an initiative of Digital India program, provides a free cloud account to every Aadhaar card holder to access documents like driving license, vehicle registration, academic mark sheet, etc. in digital format.

## 

Since it is a 100% digital journey & Digi locker is a safe and Government approved application.

## 

Yes, DigiLocker helps you to get your loan approved faster.

## 

**A step-by-step guide to upload documents on DigiLocker:**
1) Download DigiLocker app and login.
2) Click on Upload Document.
3) Select the document to upload from your local drive.
4) Choose the document type & click on save.

## 

eNACH (Electronic National Automated Clearing House) facilitates electronic transfers. Complete one-time authentication for registration with your Net Banking details or debit card to make convenient electronic payments.

## 

Autopay option allows users to make recurring transactions automatically through UPI apps.

## 

Auto pay UPI can be used when your EMI amount is less than or equal to Rs. 15,000.

## 

Enter your mobile number correctly. If your login issue persists, please reach-out to our customer support.

## 

Please contact customer care within the Chola One app.

## 

Contact customer care within the app or visit any nearest Chola branch to get support.

## 

Please check if you have entered your mobile number correctly. Clear your SMS inbox, if it is full. Then, click on resend OTP button.

## 

Please wait for 60 seconds after keying in your correct mobile number and the resend option will be enabled.

## 

Credit score or CIBIL is a score that indicates the creditworthiness of an individual. The CIBIL score is based on the credit report sourced from credit bureaus.

## 

Yes, with customer’s consent, Chola One checks credit score to evaluate the loan eligibility of each customer.

## 

Credit limit is the maximum loan amount eligibility calculated based on a customer’s financial profile.

## 

Credit limit is based on a customer’s credit score, income and on-time debt repayment history.

## 

Any customer whose repayment of loans is regular without any bounce or delay will have a good credit score and credit limit.

## 

Yes, if a customer is making repayments on time, then there will be a positive impact on credit score. Otherwise, there will be an inverse effect on the credit score & limit

Chola One App

Download the
**Chola One App now!**